ibc is a proud sponsor of the accident
awareness program it's one of the many
ways Insurance Bureau of Canada can
reach consumers of all ages I have 38
years in policing eight years with
Toronto and 30 out with Durham Region
how many people in here
feel that it's safe not to wear your
seat belt in the back seat of your car
in our hit-and-run squad and also
collision reconstruction remember when
you get ejected you're going the same
direction as a vehicle so it's a very
good chance the vehicle is going to end
up on top of you we go to the schools
all over Ontario discussing matters
dealing with fatal motor vehicle
collisions when you're dealing with the
students and that there's things that
they're not aware of little things you
don't like walking on the left side of
the road being able to see the cars
coming toward you taking an earbud out
of your ear and things of that nature
and and when you're in a motor vehicle
you have a person who is a very young
driver and they need to know what can
happen to them when they're in a motor
vehicle so I just give them the
information on things that can happen
and how fast they can happen the
Insurance Bureau of Canada came in a few
years ago to be involved with us and
then now they've now they become a major
partner with us I think it's a really
good fit
I guess the best way to describe is sort
of like an accordion has just like
crunched the card together and then
reading the description you realize how
fast the person was going 141 kilometers
in a 60 zone and the reason it happened
because of texting and the person
unfortunately passed away so not only is
it tragic it's just more tragic because
it's so preventable although the rules
are a little boring sometimes they're in
in place for a purpose and that's to
keep us safe Prime not to be on your
phones and be aware of your surroundings
and just focus on one thing it'd be very
hard not to have walked away with at
least a little bit of heightened
knowledge about what it means to be
aware and what it means to survive the
day if I reach one person then that's
great that's a great day